Okay.
Good evening,
everybody.
Today is our rescheduled Board of selectmen's meeting
that was supposed to be held Monday,
February 13th,
but because of the snow storm were meeting today,
which is Wednesday,
February 15th.
So, please join me in the Pledge of Allegiance.
I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America
and to the Republic for
which it stands one nation under God indivisible with liberty
and justice for all.
So we'll do some introductions
and so for a change I'll start at
the other end of the room.
So we have with us tonight like Ali Russell
Hoffman like Tomko myself Denise Griffin Wendy Wolf.
Tricia Warren Town manager Tom Woodin
and Kellie Bigos
So let's see.
We will move on to town manager reports
or tell manager announcement stomp.
Next meeting.
I think she's going to want to do an
executive session to discuss possibly upcoming Union negotiations
and possibly other things.
I'm not sure also Gary Stone from First
Investors has asked to come to
that meeting as well to explain.
How are investments have been doing?
I think I sent out the Investments a few weeks back.
They have been doing very well,
and he wanted to explain them in layman's terms better than
I could so you'll be at the next meeting.
Also, I received in the mail just recently a bunch
of papers from Department of Transportation informing me
that they're going to be doing some construction in the downtown.
We already knew it's basically in front of the Popcorn Shop.
They're going to be fixing some drainage down there.
That's why the Sewer District left the road somewhat opened still so
that when they go back in it fit
on a to go through payment again,
but in this notification they have asked for the Selectmen to sign off
on them bringing over weight limit trucks down on their road
which strikes me as kind of license.
Is there road anyway,
but I wouldn't have any problem with signing
that off to say they could bring their trucks down.
So that's going to be hopefully at the end of the meeting.
And last
but not least.
I just wanted to do a shout-out for Public Works
that only for Boothbay Harbor
but Boothbay as well from then to snow storm.
We just had
and everybody's working round the Round the Clock to dig out
and hopefully tomorrow this evening tomorrow will be too bad.
But just thank you to all of them for their hard work
and they do a lot to keep us safe.
Got done a great job.